- [gunshot]
- [body falls]
[sobs]
[Harper]
It's time to go home now.
The chopper is just
a phone call away.
[Angela]
If we leave him here. he'll die.
We have to get him home.
[Chase]
Something happened between them.
I don't know what it is
or what it means.
but if we were to leave him
up there to die.
we'll have lost her forever.
[Tarik]
Have you ever heard of a man
named Morgan Bote?
He is the one who was behind
the deal to deliver Dan Chase.
He's frozen all our assets
and means to see us ruined
over it.
- [man shouting in Dari]
- Farouk!
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[overlapping shouting]
[Harper]
You can't evac us if we're dead.
I'm on the hook for this.
Just do it. you understand?
[Omar]
Would you like to tell me
who you are?
[Angela]
My name is Parwana Hamzad.
[gunshot]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[fly buzzes]
[chickens clucking]
[dog barks]
[speaking Dari]
[pained groaning]
[Hamzad groans]
[grunts]
[labored breathing]
♪ ♪
Parwana.
Your father wants you.
Now that we are all here...
...I think we have 72 hours.
Anyone who's still here
by then is dead.
- [soldier] You said this before.
- [Harper] I did not.
[soldier]
You said this before!
[Harper]
No. I did not.
I-I said we had ten minutes.
That was five minutes ago.
We have five minutes left
before this chopper
goes anywhere!
[speaking Uzbek]
I've been asking for five
more minutes for an hour.
[sighs]
Are we okay to get left behind
if he up and splits?
She knows they won't wait long.
She'll be here.
[sighs] She was on a raid
a few years in.
There was an exchange
of gunfire.
In the postmortem. they ID'd
a round in some guy's head
that came from her weapon.
She went through
all the counseling.
handled it well--
Why are you telling me this?
Well. in case you were worried.
Isn't her first time
dealing with this.
taking a life.
No.
They're not all the same.
She's here.
[Angela]
He just lost his mother.
I think I'm helping.
I don't really know.
He doesn't speak any English.
so you don't have to worry.
No. no. that's okay.
Listen. time is really tight.
In a couple of days
the army is going to return
and they're going to burn
this place to the ground.
These people have been holding
- the government away
with their money.
- Em.
And the money just dried up
on them overnight--
Em. you can't stay here.
I have to stay.
No. why would you have to?
Because the person
who made their money dry up
is Morgan Bote.
Bote only grabbed me to get you
to surrender yourself.
When I was taken instead of you.
Bote got angry.
He's managed to freeze
all their assets.
It's made them vulnerable
in a time they really
can't afford to be.
This place won't survive
what comes next.
And I need you to fix it.
Fix it? Fix what. how?
Get them off the sanctions list.
Persuade Morgan Bote
to calm the fuck down
before a lot of
innocent people get hurt here.
He's not someone
who gets persuaded.
And when he's angry.
he's definitely not someone
anyone can calm the fuck down.
Each of you has told me
what he was to you.
what you were to him.
Em. it was a very.
very long time ago.
Great. Then it'll definitely
get his attention
when both of you
walk through his door together
after all this time.
No. you don't have any idea
what you're asking for.
I know how this looks.
Believe me.
I know.
But I am still
who you think I am.
To you and to you.
But I cannot just leave
these people here to die
because of a problem that
followed me in through the door.
I just can't.
And I can't imagine
that either of you
would recognize me if I did.
I told them you could do it.
I told them you would do it
because I asked you to do it.
And I wouldn't recognize
either of you if you refused.
I trust you.
And I love you.
Please hurry.
[helicopter blades whirring]
[engine shuts off]
Wait here.
[indistinct shouting
in distance]
[grunts softly]
[helicopter blades whirring
in distance]
[Harper]
What did you mean.
"They're not all the same"?
I mean. I know what you meant.
But what did you mean?
Uh... when you put blood
on the ground like that...
...you know.
not to protect something. not...
to avenge someone. not because
it's your job to do it.
or by accident...
...but when you do it to show
somebody you love them...
...there's no going back
from it.
Trust me.
You think that's what
you saw back there?
The clothes. the kid?
- [sighs]
- You think it happened
to her that fast?
I don't know
what we saw back there.
but I think some part of her
is probably gone.
And some part
is just being born.
What's the net result
of all that?
Hard to know
how to mourn someone
and meet 'em
all at the same time.
Oh. I don't know.
I think a person can
change a whole lot
without it being catastrophic.
As long as there's no one
making them feel like
it has to be.
[sighs] Come on.
This is our ride.
Not that one.
This one.
"Take care
of the transpo. Harold."
"Make sure
it's reliable. Harold."
Well. there it is.
You're welcome.
They're in the air.
Will they do what you ask?
Can they do what you ask?
Yes. to both.
[chuckles lightly]
I'm told...
you have been seeing to Farouk.
He's a sweet boy.
I don't know why. but...
...it seems to be
keeping him calm.
being around me.
Why...
[chuckles]
Lately. "why" seems like
the strangest question to ask.
What "why" could
possibly explain
what we have done?
At any rate.
plans are being formed
as we speak.
Some will remain
to defend our home.
Some will be evacuated
elsewhere in the valley
where they will be safe.
Please don't tell me
it's too dangerous for me here.
that I don't belong here.
No.
You... you belong.
You belong.
There's no need
to say more about that.
But I'm going
to ask you to leave.
But you just said--
There are other kinds
of help I need.
Other fights that need fighting.
Other places I need support.
I...
I need you to go back
to the beginning.
Hey.
We haven't really properly met.
I'm Tarik.
Parwana.
Among other things.
What did he say to you?
He told me to find you.
And to go back
to the States with you.
To help handle the business.
He's trying to get you
out of here before it gets bad.
Yeah.
He cares about you.
Then maybe you can
help me convince him.
To let me save his life.
This fucking sucks.
What?
You fucking heard me.
You spent too much time
pretending to be a rich person.
Well. I don't recall pretending.
And I never spent more than
one or two weeks a year
as Henry Dixon.
Dan Chase flew coach.
This ain't coach.
And you got rich
spending 50 weeks a year
not even trying?
Well. more or less. yeah.
How?
G-Go on. How?
Not working for the government
was a good start.
[chuckles]
[sighs] We should talk about
the thing we don't
want to talk about.
What's that?
A plan.
When we get
to the old man's house.
I'm gonna do the talking.
Okay.
- I'm not kidding.
- Why would I think you were?
I don't know
that he'll listen to me.
but I know for a fact
he isn't gonna listen to you.
Mm-hmm. yeah.
This one is too important to
let it get all wrapped up in
the layers of stuff
between him and you.
Yeah.
We both know there'll be
no forcing him into this.
And I don't buy
for a second that
he's doing this
because he's cranky
about being double-crossed.
There's got to be
more to it than that.
We got to be really careful
about how we play this.
I'll give that some thought.
What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with me how?
You're planning on just
beating this out of him.
aren't you?
[clicking]
I don't know if it's safe
to take that off.
[sighs]
Fucking piece of shit.
You seem very angry.
I seem...?
When were you planning
to tell me that you...
[sighs]
You cannot be dumb enough
to think that your-your--
I'd be happy
to answer any of these.
you might just have
to finish one first.
Torturing him is not an option.
Why not?
Because he's about
a hundred years old.
Because it won't work.
Because I'm confident
I know which one of us
will end up in jail over this.
You don't really think
you have any chance of
talking him into it. do you?
Yes. yes.
I really do think that.
Well. I don't.
And we promised Emily that
we would do whatever it took
to get it done.
I don't remember promising her
anything that
you're talking about.
Then we were participating
in different conversations
because I am certain that
that is exactly what you said.
I speak the same
English you do.
I heard what she said.
You are not doing anything
when we get there
except stand there
nodding supportively
while I talk him into this.
- Harold.
- What?
I'd talk fast.
So. how do you want to do this?
What do you mean how...?
I'm gonna ring the doorbell.
he's gonna let us in.
Oh. is he?
You might think about smiling...
- [phone vibrating]
- ...or something
when he opens the door.
- Marion?
- Yeah.
That's the third time
she's called
and you've ignored her.
It's the fifth time.
and I'm ignoring it
because ignoring some things
makes them go away.
[Chase]
Well.
didn't work with you.
[both sigh]
[house manager]
This way. please.
I don't know how much you know.
A fair amount.
We were on the ground
in the Panjshir.
and things... changed.
His kid.
she's not a hostage anymore.
Something happened there.
and she's connected with
Hamzad and his family.
[Bote]
I know that. too.
At least now I know that.
Might have been helpful
if someone had told me
a long time ago
she wasn't his kid at all.
and maybe we wouldn't be
in this mess.
This woman is in mortal danger.
Hamzad's assets
have been frozen.
which has made everyone
around him vulnerable.
It's going to get
a lot of them killed.
We came to ask you
to reconsider.
No.
Why not?
[Bote]
Because neither
of you understand
what you're asking for
or why it's dangerous
or who it might hurt.
You have no idea
what story you're in.
and the thought hasn't even once
crossed your minds. "Jesus.
maybe we should ask."
We have no time for this.
You're angry.
you're looking to make a point.
- [Harper]
Now. now wait a minute.
- [Bote] I'm angry?
I'm not the one
who breaks things
- when I'm angry.
- [Harper] Stop this!
What did you mean when you said
we don't know
what story we're in?
[dogs barking]
[Zoe]
Nein.
Fuss.
[Bote]
Absolutely no fucking idea
what you're into
or who it might hurt.
You brought her into this.
[Bote]
No. you brought her into this.
I'm trying to get us all out.
Hi.
[indistinct chatter]
[goat bleats]
[Tarik]
I wasn't much older
than he is now
when I was first sent
to school in the States.
The story I was always told
by the adults was that
I was bright enough
to need more.
To do more. to be more.
But I heard stories
over the years that
my uncle couldn't stand
the sound of my voice.
My laughter.
Too close to the sound of yours.
Needless to say.
this was not any easy thing
to carry around for me...
when I looked like him.
But the absurdity of it all
gave me the room
to find my own reason
for being there.
And I did.
And what's that?
To get everyone out of here.
I don't understand
what you mean.
- Who's everyone?
- My mother.
My uncle. my cousins.
My family.
Yeah. well. I don't think
they want to leave.
Have you asked them?
Not explicitly.
I have. A thousand times.
Explained to them
how it would work.
Where we'd go.
what would be better.
But I think maybe today
they'd hear it differently.
given the current situation
and given
that it was coming from you.
They wouldn't listen to me.
- What do you want
to bet me they would?
- [sighs]
I'm not even sure I'd want to be
making that kind of argument.
There are roots here. and
just because you don't see them
doesn't mean
they're not doing anything.
He took you to the cemetery.
Didn't he?
How many of the men and women
in that cemetery
do you think
would have chosen to stay here
if the alternative
was comfort and security
and peace someplace else?
I'll bet you some would.
and I'll bet you not all.
I would bet you my life.
not all of them.
- You're talking
to the wrong person.
- I am talking
to the only person
they might listen to.
You shouldn't underestimate
what you are to them.
No. I mean.
I had all those things
that you're talking about.
Comfort...
...and security.
And I drowned in it.
- Apples and oranges.
- Why is that?
You were lied to.
Every day.
Explicitly and by omission
and every way in between.
You were the victim of
a carefully orchestrated fraud.
I'm sorry. but you were.
The comfort and security
weren't the problem.
They were just
insufficient distractions.
That's not this.
This is a family
moving together.
someplace
where they don't have to worry
whether their daughters
are allowed to do math.
And their sons?
Their sons have
a little more room
to do more. to be more.
I love my family. all of them.
back to the last stone
under the tree.
but it's hard
for me to stand here
without hearing them all
screaming at me.
"What on earth
are you still doing here?"
Please...
help me save them.
It's late. and it won't be easy.
- but it's the right thing to...
- [door opens]
What?
[baby crying in distance]
My brother is gone.
Picked up the guys.
like you said.
Tried to. uh. forget everything.
go back to real life.
but that kinda didn't take.
I wanted to help.
so I called Nina Kruger.
You called
Faraz Hamzad's lawyer?
[groans softly]
What did you say to her?
I thought maybe I could
convince her to work on Hamzad
to let you and Emily go.
but. uh.
that would have required her
answering my calls.
Finally I did get a call back.
Just not from her.
It was... from him.
I was watching.
and I saw someone appear
on the board
I was not expecting.
It isn't often I find people
who truly surprise me.
She did.
Why were you watching
Hamzad's lawyer?
What are we missing here?
We know
about the Meshbahar deposits.
That's where Hamzad's leverage
was coming from. right?
- The money
that was going to generate?
- [Bote] Money?
You can make money anywhere.
If you want to have access
to microchips.
if you want to run things
on batteries.
if you want to participate
in civilization.
whomever controls that deposit
is going to have a say about it.
We need it.
We had it.
Until I learned another party
was secretly angling
to steal it out from under us.
Who?
You pulled her into this.
You threw her
in the trunk of a car.
You gave her a new name
and new clothes.
and you took her
to a party in Morocco
so you could attempt
to influence--
Pavlovich? Oh. no.
Suleyman Pavlovich.
[Chase]
You've got this wrong.
Faraz Hamzad is not
side-dealing with a Russian.
and if he were. it definitely
wouldn't be that Russian.
I'm relieved you think so.
[phone vibrating]
Oh. Speak of the devil.
[phone continues vibrating]
You can do it.
Hello.
Uh. yes. yes.
I'm so glad you called.
Who is she talking to?
Hamzad's lawyer.
It's unthinkable
that a Russian thug
would be allowed to win control
of something so important
to this country's future.
The lawyer is the key right now
to understanding
how we can stop him.
And right now
the lawyer seems
to be most willing
to talk to your girlfriend.
- [footsteps approaching]
- What did she say?
She offered
to continue the conversation
over lunch next week.
That's good. right?
[Bote]
That's very good.
She wants to tell you something
she won't say over the phone.
[Harper]
Next week?!
This won't hold until next week.
[Bote]
I understand--
If you're wrong. people are
gonna die because of it.
If I'm right. it'd be far worse.
[Chase]
I told you.
[Bote]
What?
When I asked you
to help Emily get into the FBI.
I told you
she was Hamzad's daughter.
You did not do that.
I was putting her life
in your hands.
Do you really think I would
do that and leave something out
that would put her in danger?
I said she didn't need
to be your granddaughter
for you to want to help her
any more than she needed
to be my daughter for me to ask.
I thought.
short of spelling it out.
that was pretty fucking clear
under the circumstances.
I understand
what you're saying.
the important things.
You can say what you want
about me-- both of you--
you can say whatever
you want about me.
but I always understood
the important things.
You know that.
I fought for them
when you told me to.
But if your kid can't count on
you. what good is any of that?
Look. I know you can't cave.
but there must be some other way
that you can help
bail these people out.
even temporarily.
And if you tell me
there is no other way.
I know that's because
you're not trying to find it.
Don't... don't do this
because you're pissed at me.
Don't you do it.
Come back tomorrow.
I'm tired.
You still want to talk about it
in the morning.
maybe I'll have a better answer.
You're not walking out of here.
- Wait--
- Get out of my way!
[Dave growling]
Just step outside with me
for a minute. Please?
[Chase breathing heavily]
He's not wrong.
You don't break things
when you're angry?
Everyone breaks things
when they're angry.
If you won't even try to help.
it's because you want us
to know that you don't have to.
What I want...
[Bote inhales through nose]
You never understood
the difference
between what we want
and what we owe.
It's why this profession
was always too much for you.
And if you didn't want me
to be angry. you would have
left him outside on the curb.
[chuckling]
But you just
couldn't help yourself.
could you?
Hi.
Zoe...
[sighs] I appreciate you
trying to help.
but you don't belong in this.
Please don't get involved.
I don't belong in this.
Okay.
Today is not the day for this.
I promise.
I need you to go.
I'm not going anywhere until he
gives me what I need from him.
He's not gonna do that.
Mm-hmm. You want to bet?
He's not gonna give you
what you need
for the same reason
that you won't leave.
But he'll give it to me.
You got him there.
he wants to help.
he just doesn't want to be
looking at your face
when he does it.
He and I have been
getting along. I...
I like him.
I think he's a very sweet man.
Oh. boy. Zoe...
To me. he's been
a very sweet man.
And whatever he used to do.
it can't be any worse
than what you used to do.
and I got over that.
And as hard as it is to believe
from what I just saw in there.
I think he really misses you.
[sighs]
Go get a cup of coffee.
read a book.
Trust me.
I can get this done.
♪ ♪
[Khadija]
He didn't want anyone to know.
He did not want
his last words with...
...either of you...
...to be goodbye.
Parwana.
I'll stay till the morning
to be here for the burial.
I don't know that I can stay
much longer than that.
That's what he wanted.
You will have a choice to make.
To stay
or go.
I have to tell you something.
I told you
he was shot by a sentry
out in the hills.
But that's not what happened.
- He was shot by--
- We know.
- How do you--
No one else will.
You will choose to stay
or go.
but your father
did not want you to feel
that this was a place...
...where you might be blamed
for any of it.
Your father was shot
by a Taliban soldier
while defending you.
You are what
he gave his life for.
As for the two Americans
you brought here...
...well...
they are in
the United States now.
working. on your orders.
to defuse the threat we face.
That is what you
have done for us.
[sighs]
[soft chuckle]
[panting]
Thanks for standing up for me.
And you...
really?
Sorry. guys.
I got to go talk to him.
and I think.
if we're being honest.
he doesn't love
having you in the rooms
with the nice rugs. so...
you can stay in here.
[sighs] All right.
Well. you were right.
The moment you two were
breathing the same air.
I would see a different side
of you.
It'd be nice to be wrong
every now and then. but...
wishful thinking is
an unflattering quality
in an old man.
Well. not if it's a good wish.
You're gonna ask me
to help them.
I sure am.
Why?
Because I think you can
and because I think you want to.
You should be careful
around men like me.
If you think you can tell
those kinds of things about us.
it's almost always because
we want you to.
[soft chuckle] God.
You sound exactly like him.
[dogs barking]
[barking continues]
[scratching at door]
[gunshots]
[Bote]
Get down.
- [gunshot]
- [gasps]
[phone camera clicks]
- Fass.
- [dogs barking]
[gunshots]
- [man groaning]
- [clattering]
[dogs growling]
[Chase]
Zoe.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Is... What just happened?
- Who was that?
- [Chase] Yeah... I think
whatever the two of you
were after.
you got a lot closer
than Pavlovich liked.
This is just
the beginning of that.
The bigger problem is that
Emily's lifeline is dead
on the ground over there.
[helicopter blades whirring]
[indistinct chatter]
[speaking Russian]
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
[rooster crows]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today